Is it safe to let my car run in a closed garage?
Is it safe to mix bleach and ammonia for cleaning?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old alone in the bathtub?
Is it safe to give honey to infants under 12 months?
Is it safe to let a 5-year-old use the stove unsupervised?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with small marbles?
Is it safe to leave my 4-year-old alone in the car while I run into the store?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to sleep with a pillow?
Is it safe to give whole grapes to an 8-month-old baby?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play on a trampoline without supervision?
Is it safe to leave my infant in a high chair while I go to another room?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to ride in the front seat of a car?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with latex balloons?
Is it safe to let a 5-year-old swim without adult supervision?
Is it safe to leave a baby unattended on a changing table?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old play with plastic bags?
Is it safe to let my 2-year-old play with coins?
Is it safe for an infant to sleep on their stomach?
Is it safe to leave my 4-year-old home alone for an hour?
Is it safe to give hard candy to a toddler?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with electrical outlets?
Is it safe to use a baby walker near stairs?
Is it safe to let my 5-year-old play with fireworks?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to ride a bike without a helmet?
Is it safe to leave a 6-year-old alone in a public restroom?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with button batteries?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to use scissors?
Is it safe to leave my baby in a bouncer on a table?
Is it safe to let a 4-year-old play with magnets?
Is it safe to let a toddler near a hot grill?
Is it safe to use crib bumpers for an infant?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old eat popcorn?
Is it safe to let a 2-year-old pet strange dogs?
Is it safe to leave a toddler in a room with a space heater?
Is it safe to give aspirin to a 7-year-old for a headache?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play on a balcony?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep with stuffed animals?
Is it safe to leave my 4-year-old in the bath while I answer the phone?
Is it safe to let a 2-year-old play with rubber bands?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with keys?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to eat nuts?
Is it safe to leave a baby alone with a pet?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old use the toilet with the door locked?
Is it safe to let a toddler wear a necklace to bed?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to play hide and seek in appliances?
Is it safe to give water to a 6-month-old?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with super glue?
Is it safe to use a second-hand car seat without checking its history?
Is it safe to let my 5-year-old at the playground while I go to my car?
Is it safe to let a toddler jump on the bed?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old help with ironing?
Is it safe to give rice cereal in a bottle to an infant?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with lighters?
Is it safe to let a 2-year-old near a wood chipper?
Is it safe to let a 4-year-old wear loose clothing near a stove?
Is it safe to leave my toddler in a shopping cart while I look at items?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with vitamin bottles?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep in a car seat overnight?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with BB guns?
Is it safe to give cough syrup to a 2-year-old to help them sleep?
Is it safe to let a 5-year-old play on ice without supervision?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with foam peanuts?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old with food while unsupervised?
Is it safe to let my 6-year-old ride a skateboard without protective gear?
Is it safe to put multiple children in one car seat?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to play with doors?
Is it safe to use gasoline to clean grease stains?
Is it safe to store chemicals in food containers?
Is it safe to mix different drain cleaners for better results?
Is it safe to use pesticides indoors without ventilation?
Is it safe to pour chemicals down the sink?
Is it safe to induce vomiting if someone swallows poison?
Is it safe to mix bleach with other cleaning products?
Is it safe to use mothballs in living areas?
Is it safe to reuse chemical containers for drinking water?
Is it safe to use more product than the label recommends for better results?
Is it safe to burn treated wood indoors?
Is it safe to leave rat poison where pets can reach it?
Is it safe to mix hydrogen peroxide with vinegar?
Is it safe to clean with chemicals while pregnant?
Is it safe to use lead paint if I seal it well?
Is it safe to use carbon tetrachloride for stain removal?
Is it safe to use DDT if I still have some?
Is it safe to clean up asbestos myself?
Is it safe to use paint thinner to clean skin?
Is it safe to use more flea treatment than recommended on pets?
Is it safe to use chloroform for cleaning?
Is it safe to burn poison ivy to get rid of it?
Is it safe to use gasoline to kill weeds?
Is it safe to use formaldehyde for preservation?
Is it safe to mix window cleaner with bleach?
Is it safe to taste chemicals to identify them?
Is it safe to use benzene for degreasing?
Is it safe to flush medications down the toilet?
Is it safe to breathe in helium from balloons?
Is it safe to use nail polish remover near flames?
Is it safe to sniff glue or markers?
Is it safe to use methanol for cooking?
Is it safe to mix pool chemicals together?
Is it safe to put borax where children play?
Is it safe to use turpentine as mouthwash?
Is it safe to burn batteries?
Is it safe to clean wounds with bleach?
Is it safe to use ether for cleaning?
Is it safe to mix different toilet bowl cleaners?
Is it safe to store chemicals in unmarked containers?
Is it safe to use paint stripper without ventilation?
Is it safe to pour motor oil on the ground?
Is it safe to use creosote indoors?
Is it safe to breathe in spray paint fumes?
Is it safe to store propane tanks in my basement?
Is it safe to use lye for cooking?
Is it safe to use chlorine tablets in drinking water?
Is it safe to mix hydrogen peroxide with acetone?
Is it safe to use kerosene heaters in closed rooms?
Is it safe to put Drano on skin?
Is it safe to use sulfuric acid for cleaning?
Is it safe to use carbon monoxide for pest control?
Is it safe to use toluene without gloves?
Is it safe to pour paint down storm drains?
Is it safe to use methylene chloride indoors?
Is it safe to clean jewelry with cyanide?
Is it safe to mix vinegar with hydrogen peroxide in a container?
Is it safe to use brake fluid for cleaning?
Is it safe to store chemicals above food?
Is it safe to use phosphorus for home experiments?
Is it safe to breathe in natural gas to check for leaks?
Is it safe to use naphthalene without ventilation?
Is it safe to self-diagnose serious medical conditions?
Is it safe to adjust my prescription medication dosage on my own?
Is it safe to share prescription medications with family?
Is it safe to perform surgery on myself for minor issues?
Is it safe to ignore chest pain if it goes away?
Is it safe to use expired insulin?
Is it safe to treat a broken bone at home?
Is it safe to lance infections with unsterile tools?
Is it safe to use veterinary medications on humans?
Is it safe to buy prescription drugs online without a prescription?
Is it safe to mix different pain medications for better relief?
Is it safe to stop antibiotics when I feel better?
Is it safe to use someone else's EpiPen in an emergency?
Is it safe to perform dental work on myself?
Is it safe to ignore persistent headaches?
Is it safe to use super glue to close wounds?
Is it safe to take double doses if I missed one?
Is it safe to treat severe burns with butter?
Is it safe to remove moles at home?
Is it safe to induce vomiting for weight loss?
Is it safe to use fish antibiotics for human infections?
Is it safe to ignore blood in urine or stool?
Is it safe to pop blisters from burns?
Is it safe to use hydrogen peroxide on deep wounds?
Is it safe to take medications with alcohol?
Is it safe to treat head injuries by keeping the person awake?
Is it safe to use tourniquets for minor bleeding?
Is it safe to remove objects impaled in wounds?
Is it safe to give aspirin to someone having a stroke?
Is it safe to move someone with a spinal injury?
Is it safe to use ipecac syrup for poisoning?
Is it safe to put heat on fresh injuries?
Is it safe to straighten broken bones myself?
Is it safe to treat hypothermia with hot water?
Is it safe to cut off circulation to stop bleeding?
Is it safe to use medications past their expiration by years?
Is it safe to extract my own teeth?
Is it safe to treat severe allergic reactions without epinephrine?
Is it safe to use herbal remedies instead of prescribed medications?
Is it safe to perform CPR on someone who's conscious?
Is it safe to treat diabetes without insulin?
Is it safe to drain abscesses at home?
Is it safe to ignore symptoms of heart attack?
Is it safe to mix supplements with prescription drugs?
Is it safe to use medical equipment without training?
Is it safe to stitch wounds with regular thread?
Is it safe to fast for weeks for health benefits?
Is it safe to use prescription eye drops past expiration?
Is it safe to ignore severe abdominal pain?
Is it safe to treat burns with ice?
Is it safe to perform home births without medical assistance?
Is it safe to use someone else's inhaler?
Is it safe to adjust insulin based on how I feel?
Is it safe to remove embedded objects from eyes?
Is it safe to treat concussions by sleeping immediately?
Is it safe to reuse single-use medical supplies?
Is it safe to take medications without reading warnings?
Is it safe to use more medication for faster results?
Is it safe to treat poisoning by inducing vomiting?
Is it safe to ignore numbness in limbs?
Is it safe to perform bloodletting for health?
Is it safe to reset dislocated joints myself?
Is it safe to use expired epinephrine pens?
Is it safe to mix different vaccines?
Is it safe to treat severe dehydration without medical help?
Is it safe to use unsterile needles if cleaned with alcohol?
Is it safe to remove suspicious moles with scissors?
Is it safe to treat pneumonia at home?
Is it safe to take antibiotics preventatively?
Is it safe to use topical medications internally?
Is it safe to treat stroke symptoms at home?
Is it safe to cauterize wounds with hot metal?
Is it safe to mix different types of insulin?
Is it safe to ignore difficulty breathing?
Is it safe to use prescription drugs recreationally?
Is it safe to perform acupuncture without training?
Is it safe to treat frostbite with direct heat?
Is it safe to use medical devices without instructions?
Is it safe to ignore severe allergic reactions?
Is it safe to treat infections by cutting them open?
Is it safe to take medications on empty stomach against directions?
Is it safe to perform home root canals?
Is it safe to mix different blood pressure medications?
Is it safe to treat rabies exposure at home?
Is it safe to use medications for off-label purposes without consultation?
Is it safe to remove skin tags with nail clippers?
Is it safe to treat meningitis symptoms without medical care?
Is it safe to store flammable liquids near heat sources?
Is it safe to use candles during a gas leak?
Is it safe to overload electrical outlets?
Is it safe to run electrical cords under rugs?
Is it safe to use water to put out a grease fire?
Is it safe to leave space heaters on while sleeping?
Is it safe to smoke while using oxygen therapy?
Is it safe to use damaged electrical cords?
Is it safe to store gasoline in my living space?
Is it safe to bypass circuit breakers for more power?
Is it safe to use multiple extension cords together?
Is it safe to dry clothes on space heaters?
Is it safe to leave candles burning unattended?
Is it safe to fight electrical fires with water?
Is it safe to ignore burning smells from outlets?
Is it safe to plug high-wattage appliances into light-duty cords?
Is it safe to remove batteries from smoke detectors?
Is it safe to use aluminum foil as electrical wire?
Is it safe to work on electrical systems without shutting off power?
Is it safe to store matches near heat sources?
Is it safe to use electricity near water?
Is it safe to heat my home with my oven?
Is it safe to use flammable liquids to start fires?
Is it safe to leave cooking unattended?
Is it safe to smoke in bed?
Is it safe to ignore sparking outlets?
Is it safe to use penny fuses in electrical boxes?
Is it safe to overload power strips?
Is it safe to use electrical appliances with wet hands?
Is it safe to burn trash indoors?
Is it safe to store propane tanks indoors?
Is it safe to use gasoline to start barbecue grills?
Is it safe to leave irons plugged in?
Is it safe to use newspaper for insulation?
Is it safe to disable fire alarms while cooking?
Is it safe to use water on electrical fires?
Is it safe to run generators indoors?
Is it safe to use damaged batteries?
Is it safe to leave lithium batteries charging overnight?
Is it safe to touch exposed wires to test if they're live?
Is it safe to use lightbulbs with higher wattage than recommended?
Is it safe to leave hair styling tools plugged in?
Is it safe to use extension cords permanently?
Is it safe to store fireworks in hot areas?
Is it safe to use charcoal grills indoors?
Is it safe to ignore circuit breakers that trip frequently?
Is it safe to use flammable decorations near heat?
Is it safe to leave batteries in hot cars?
Is it safe to use electrical devices in the bathtub?
Is it safe to stack multiple surge protectors?
Is it safe to use oil lamps without supervision?
Is it safe to use fire as a disposal method?
Is it safe to store oily rags in piles?
Is it safe to use hairspray near flames?
Is it safe to leave electric blankets on all day?
Is it safe to use camping stoves indoors?
Is it safe to use accelerants on bonfires?
Is it safe to charge phones under pillows?
Is it safe to use malfunctioning electrical devices?
Is it safe to leave curling irons on counters?
Is it safe to use water to cool electrical equipment?
Is it safe to fight chemical fires with water?
Is it safe to use extension cords in wet areas?
Is it safe to leave appliances plugged in during storms?
Is it safe to use metal ladders near power lines?
Is it safe to burn plastics?
Is it safe to leave fire exits blocked?
Is it safe to use portable heaters in bathrooms?
Is it safe to splice wires without proper connectors?
Is it safe to ignore fire evacuation procedures?
Is it safe to use flammable substances for cleaning near pilot lights?
Is it safe to store combustibles near electrical panels?
Is it safe to use torch lighters indoors?
Is it safe to leave Christmas lights on continuously?
Is it safe to use damaged surge protectors?
Is it safe to burn treated lumber?
Is it safe to use electrical devices with damaged plugs?
Is it safe to overcharge batteries?
Is it safe to use steel wool near electrical outlets?
Is it safe to ignore electrical buzzing sounds?
Is it safe to pour accelerants on active fires?
Is it safe to use heaters to dry paint faster?
Is it safe to leave soldering irons unattended?
Is it safe to store ammunition near heat?
Is it safe to use electrical equipment outdoors in rain?
Is it safe to text while driving?
Is it safe to drive after drinking alcohol?
Is it safe to skip wearing seatbelts on short trips?
Is it safe to drive with worn brake pads?
Is it safe to ignore warning lights on my dashboard?
Is it safe to drive with bald tires?
Is it safe to drive when extremely tired?
Is it safe to skip motorcycle helmets on quiet roads?
Is it safe to leave children alone in vehicles?
Is it safe to drive through flood waters?
Is it safe to text at red lights?
Is it safe to drive without insurance?
Is it safe to race on public roads?
Is it safe to disable airbags for comfort?
Is it safe to overload my vehicle?
Is it safe to drive with cracked windshields?
Is it safe to pass on blind curves?
Is it safe to drive the wrong way to save time?
Is it safe to drive with expired license?
Is it safe to drive after taking sedatives?
Is it safe to jump out of moving vehicles?
Is it safe to ride in truck beds?
Is it safe to let unlicensed people drive my car?
Is it safe to drive without glasses if prescribed?
Is it safe to run red lights if no one's around?
Is it safe to drive with unsecured loads?
Is it safe to ignore seatbelt laws for adults?
Is it safe to drive with broken lights?
Is it safe to ignore railroad crossing signals?
Is it safe to pass school buses with lights flashing?
Is it safe to drive with mechanical failures?
Is it safe to street race?
Is it safe to drive after all-nighters?
Is it safe to ignore crosswalk signals?
Is it safe to drive with obscured license plates?
Is it safe to tow beyond vehicle capacity?
Is it safe to use highway shoulders as lanes?
Is it safe to drive with broken mirrors?
Is it safe to ignore parking brake issues?
Is it safe to let teens drive without licenses?
Is it safe to drive with transmission problems?
Is it safe to text while riding a motorcycle?
Is it safe to modify braking systems?
Is it safe to drive through smoke without lights?
Is it safe to ignore oil change schedules?
Is it safe to drive with fuel leaks?
Is it safe to use worn wiper blades in storms?
Is it safe to drive aggressively?
Is it safe to skip vehicle inspections?
Is it safe to drive with damaged steering?
Is it safe to use phones at railroad crossings?
Is it safe to ignore tire pressure warnings?
Is it safe to pass in no-passing zones?
Is it safe to drive with loose wheels?
Is it safe to override safety systems?
Is it safe to drive with engine problems?
Is it safe to ignore traffic signs?
Is it safe to drive on sidewalks?
Is it safe to drive with broken suspension?
Is it safe to leave keys in ignition?
Is it safe to drive without functioning horn?
Is it safe to drive with expired registration?
Is it safe to ignore brake fluid levels?
Is it safe to drive in reverse on highways?
Is it safe to drive with doors open?
Is it safe to use autopilot without attention?
Is it safe to transport hazardous materials improperly?
Is it safe to drive with medical conditions that impair ability?
Is it safe to ignore vehicle maintenance?
Is it safe to drive through barriers?
Is it safe to leave raw meat at room temperature overnight?
Is it safe to ignore expiration dates on dairy?
Is it safe to thaw frozen meat on the counter?
Is it safe to refreeze thawed meat multiple times?
Is it safe to use the same cutting board for raw meat and vegetables?
Is it safe to eat raw eggs?
Is it safe to cook chicken until it's slightly pink?
Is it safe to leave cooked rice out overnight?
Is it safe to eat canned food from bulging cans?
Is it safe to wash raw chicken before cooking?
Is it safe to taste raw meat to check seasoning?
Is it safe to cool hot food on the counter before refrigerating?
Is it safe to can food without proper equipment?
Is it safe to ignore strange smells from food?
Is it safe to eat raw flour?
Is it safe to store raw meat above ready-to-eat foods?
Is it safe to eat wild mushrooms I find?
Is it safe to use cracked eggs?
Is it safe to partially cook food and finish later?
Is it safe to eat seafood that smells like ammonia?
Is it safe to reuse marinades from raw meat?
Is it safe to eat raw sprouts?
Is it safe to defrost food in hot water?
Is it safe to eat undercooked pork?
Is it safe to eat unpasteurized dairy products?
Is it safe to leave mayo-based salads unrefrigerated?
Is it safe to eat raw fish from any source?
Is it safe to ignore slimy textures on meat?
Is it safe to eat raw oysters from unknown sources?
Is it safe to store food in opened cans?
Is it safe to eat ground beef raw?
Is it safe to leave soup in the pot overnight?
Is it safe to use unwashed hands to prepare food?
Is it safe to eat raw milk?
Is it safe to prepare food while sick?
Is it safe to ignore refrigerator temperature guidelines?
Is it safe to eat discolored meat?
Is it safe to eat raw bacon?
Is it safe to skip handwashing after handling raw meat?
Is it safe to use the same utensils for raw and cooked?
Is it safe to eat raw hot dogs?
Is it safe to pressure can without testing gauge?
Is it safe to use contaminated water for cooking?
Is it safe to eat raw shrimp?
Is it safe to store food at any temperature?
Is it safe to serve pink hamburgers?
Is it safe to eat home-canned foods from strangers?
Is it safe to eat raw bear meat?
Is it safe to leave cream-based foods out?
Is it safe to eat raw venison?
Is it safe to stuff poultry the night before?
Is it safe to eat green potatoes?
Is it safe to eat rhubarb leaves?
Is it safe to ferment foods without proper knowledge?
Is it safe to eat wild berries without identification?
Is it safe to microwave food in any plastic?
Is it safe to eat fugu without proper preparation?
Is it safe to share utensils while sick?
Is it safe to eat raw elderberries?
Is it safe to store food near cleaning supplies?
Is it safe to eat kidney beans raw?
Is it safe to use lead-glazed pottery for food?
Is it safe to eat cassava without processing?
Is it safe to make mayonnaise without pasteurized eggs?
Is it safe to eat pokeweed berries?
Is it safe to preserve food in oil at room temperature?
Is it safe to eat raw taro?
Is it safe to use copper cookware for acidic foods?
Is it safe to eat ackee fruit if not properly prepared?
Is it safe to eat raw red kidney beans?
Is it safe to eat stone fruit pits?
Is it safe to swim alone in deep water?
Is it safe to dive into water without checking depth?
Is it safe to swim during thunderstorms?
Is it safe to ignore rip current warnings?
Is it safe to swim while intoxicated?
Is it safe to swim in contaminated water?
Is it safe to hold breath underwater for extended periods?
Is it safe to jump from high places into unknown water?
Is it safe to swim with open wounds?
Is it safe to ignore beach warning flags?
Is it safe to use inflatable toys as life-saving devices?
Is it safe to swim far from shore alone?
Is it safe to overload boats?
Is it safe to swim in flood waters?
Is it safe to ignore hypothermia symptoms in water?
Is it safe to dive in shallow water?
Is it safe to swim at night without lights?
Is it safe to use alcohol on boats?
Is it safe to swim in quarries?
Is it safe to swim near dams?
Is it safe to ignore life jacket requirements?
Is it safe to leave children unattended near water?
Is it safe to sail in severe weather?
Is it safe to use electrical devices near pools?
Is it safe to ignore pool depth markers?
Is it safe to hyperventilate before diving?
Is it safe to swim in lightning?
Is it safe to ignore jellyfish warnings?
Is it safe to swim in marinas?
Is it safe to swim in irrigation canals?
Is it safe to ignore weather warnings for boating?
Is it safe to attempt water rescues without training?
Is it safe to swim in algae blooms?
Is it safe to swim in retention ponds?
Is it safe to swim where signs prohibit it?
Is it safe to free dive alone?
Is it safe to ignore boat capacity plates?
Is it safe to swim in industrial waters?
Is it safe to anchor in shipping lanes?
Is it safe to swim with weights?
Is it safe to swim in winter without preparation?
Is it safe to leave drain covers broken in pools?
Is it safe to swim during harmful algae warnings?
Is it safe to use boats with holes?
Is it safe to swim in fast-moving rivers?
Is it safe to cliff jump without scouting?
Is it safe to ignore maritime laws?
Is it safe to swim in sewage outflow areas?
Is it safe to windsurf in storms?
Is it safe to swim with electrical storms approaching?
Is it safe to use damaged life jackets?
Is it safe to swim across shipping channels?
Is it safe to paddleboard in rough seas?
Is it safe to ignore tsunami warnings?
Is it safe to swim with dangerous marine animals?
Is it safe to use pool covers as walking surfaces?
Is it safe to swim in abandoned pools?
Is it safe to water ski at night?
Is it safe to swim in areas with submerged objects?
Is it safe to hold swimming competitions without lifeguards?
Is it safe to ignore whirlpool warnings?
Is it safe to swim in water treatment areas?
Is it safe to sail without navigation tools?
Is it safe to swim under docks?
Is it safe to use homemade flotation devices?
Is it safe to dive backwards in shallow water?
Is it safe to swim in waters with industrial runoff?
Is it safe to operate boats without licenses where required?
Is it safe to swim during flood conditions?
Is it safe to parasail in bad weather?
Is it safe to ignore undertow warnings?
Is it safe to swim in mine pits?
Is it safe to use inner tubes in oceans?
Is it safe to swim near water intakes?
Is it safe to leave pool gates unlocked?
Is it safe to swim with poor visibility?
Is it safe to snorkel in dangerous waters?
Is it safe to ignore dive tables?
Is it safe to operate a chainsaw without protective gear?
Is it safe to use power tools while intoxicated?
Is it safe to remove safety guards from machinery?
Is it safe to use damaged ladders?
Is it safe to operate forklifts without training?
Is it safe to work at heights without fall protection?
Is it safe to use electric tools in wet conditions?
Is it safe to ignore manufacturer's safety instructions?
Is it safe to modify power tools for more power?
Is it safe to use grinders without eye protection?
Is it safe to reach into running machinery?
Is it safe to bypass safety switches?
Is it safe to use compressed air to clean skin?
Is it safe to weld without proper ventilation?
Is it safe to use nail guns without training?
Is it safe to operate cranes beyond capacity?
Is it safe to work under suspended loads?
Is it safe to leave tools running unattended?
Is it safe to use gasoline-powered tools indoors?
Is it safe to wear loose clothing around machinery?
Is it safe to disable emergency stops?
Is it safe to use aluminum ladders near electricity?
Is it safe to exceed tool RPM ratings?
Is it safe to cut towards your body?
Is it safe to remove kickback devices from saws?
Is it safe to operate machinery without guards?
Is it safe to work on scaffolding in high winds?
Is it safe to use impact tools on hardened steel?
Is it safe to use electricity near flammable vapors?
Is it safe to modify safety equipment?
Is it safe to use table saws without riving knives?
Is it safe to override lockout/tagout procedures?
Is it safe to use angle grinders without handles?
Is it safe to operate equipment with known defects?
Is it safe to use jack stands on soft ground?
Is it safe to weld near flammables?
Is it safe to use torches without checking for leaks?
Is it safe to sand lead paint without protection?
Is it safe to use damaged electrical tools?
Is it safe to use ladders as scaffolding?
Is it safe to work alone with dangerous equipment?
Is it safe to exceed ladder weight ratings?
Is it safe to operate plasma cutters without training?
Is it safe to use machinery while fatigued?
Is it safe to reach over running blades?
Is it safe to use bench grinders without tool rests?
Is it safe to use damaged safety harnesses?
Is it safe to operate backhoes near people?
Is it safe to use power tools without GFCI?
Is it safe to use circular saws without lower guards?
Is it safe to work on live electrical circuits?
Is it safe to use homemade lifting devices?
Is it safe to ignore confined space procedures?
Is it safe to use damaged welding equipment?
Is it safe to operate tools beyond design limits?
Is it safe to use combustion tools in confined spaces?
Is it safe to disable blade brakes on saws?
Is it safe to work at heights during storms?
Is it safe to use damaged grinding wheels?
Is it safe to operate bulldozers on steep slopes?
Is it safe to use nail guns with modified triggers?
Is it safe to bypass interlock switches?
Is it safe to use jackhammers without vibration protection?
Is it safe to cut metal without safety glasses?
Is it safe to use damaged hydraulic equipment?
Is it safe to work under vehicles supported only by jacks?
Is it safe to use propane torches near vapors?
Is it safe to operate lasers without eye protection?
Is it safe to use power washers on people?
Is it safe to sharpen tools towards myself?
Is it safe to use damaged chain hoists?
Is it safe to exceed scaffolding load limits?
Is it safe to use metal tools on live circuits?
Is it safe to operate trenchers without locating utilities?
Is it safe to use tools with damaged cords?
Is it safe to modify pneumatic tool pressures?
Is it safe to use grinding wheels past expiration?
Is it safe to weld galvanized steel without ventilation?
Is it safe to use damaged hard hats?
Is it safe to operate equipment without training?
Is it safe to ignore tool maintenance schedules?
Is it safe to cut treated lumber without masks?
Is it safe to operate aerial lifts in lightning?
Is it safe to store fuel near hot work areas?
Is it safe to use power tools near gas leaks?
Is it safe to go outside during tornado warnings?
Is it safe to ignore evacuation orders during hurricanes?
Is it safe to hike during thunderstorms?
Is it safe to shelter under trees in lightning?
Is it safe to ignore flash flood warnings?
Is it safe to surf during hurricane conditions?
Is it safe to walk on frozen lakes without checking thickness?
Is it safe to ignore UV index warnings?
Is it safe to ski during avalanche warnings?
Is it safe to build campfires during fire bans?
Is it safe to ignore wind chill warnings?
Is it safe to ignore earthquake safety procedures?
Is it safe to cross flooded roads?
Is it safe to ignore wildfire evacuation zones?
Is it safe to swim in lightning?
Is it safe to ignore hypothermia symptoms?
Is it safe to ignore carbon monoxide in tents?
Is it safe to venture into blizzards?
Is it safe to photograph tornadoes up close?
Is it safe to drink alcohol to warm up in cold?
Is it safe to ignore wildlife warnings?
Is it safe to approach baby animals in nature?
Is it safe to eat snow for hydration?
Is it safe to ignore insect bite symptoms?
Is it safe to drink untreated water?
Is it safe to ignore signs of altitude sickness?
Is it safe to leave food in tents in bear country?
Is it safe to cross ice without testing?
Is it safe to ignore weather forecast changes?
Is it safe to ignore park closures?
Is it safe to use electronics during lightning?
Is it safe to seek shelter in culverts during storms?
Is it safe to ignore heat exhaustion symptoms?
Is it safe to travel without emergency supplies?
Is it safe to venture onto glaciers without equipment?
Is it safe to ignore volcanic activity warnings?
Is it safe to explore abandoned mines?
Is it safe to swim in geothermal features?
Is it safe to ignore tsunami evacuation routes?
Is it safe to ignore snake bite protocols?
Is it safe to ignore fog warnings while boating?
Is it safe to ski out of bounds?
Is it safe to approach geysers closely?
Is it safe to ignore frostbite symptoms?
Is it safe to ignore mudslide warnings?
Is it safe to ignore quicksand dangers?
Is it safe to travel in whiteout conditions?
Is it safe to touch power lines after storms?
Is it safe to ignore beach erosion warnings?
Is it safe to wade through flood waters with debris?
Is it safe to ignore emergency broadcast instructions?
Is it safe to DIY electrical work without shutting off the main breaker?
Is it safe to mix different cleaning chemicals to save time?
Is it safe to leave young children unsupervised in the bath?
Is it safe to store guns loaded and unlocked in homes with children?
Is it safe to use gasoline to start a barbecue grill quickly?
Is it safe to disable smoke detectors that beep at night?
Is it safe to heat my home by leaving the oven door open?
Is it safe to use a metal knife to remove stuck toast?
Is it safe to spray pesticides without reading the label first?
Is it safe to smoke in bed when very tired?
Is it safe to carry hot liquids over people?
Is it safe to use water to extinguish an oil fire?
Is it safe to leave candles burning when I leave the room?
Is it safe to use power tools without reading the manual?
Is it safe to stand on the top rung of a ladder?
Is it safe to use household tools to work on gas lines?
Is it safe to ignore a gas smell in my home?
Is it safe to use a damaged phone charger?
Is it safe to reach into a garbage disposal to retrieve items?
Is it safe to use a barbecue grill indoors for warmth?
Is it safe to mix medications without consulting a doctor?
Is it safe to leave cleaning chemicals within reach of pets?
Is it safe to use electrical appliances near a full bathtub?
Is it safe to attempt roof repairs during a storm?
Is it safe to use a chainsaw for the first time without instruction?
Is it safe to burn household trash in my fireplace?
Is it safe to ignore carbon monoxide detector alarms?
Is it safe to leave space heaters running when not home?
Is it safe to jump off a roof into a pool?
Is it safe to use gasoline to clean automotive parts indoors?
Is it safe to try to catch a falling knife?
Is it safe to use furniture polish near open flames?
Is it safe to leave iron on ironing board when done?
Is it safe to run multiple high-wattage appliances on one outlet?
Is it safe to use a hair dryer while standing in water?
Is it safe to leave oil heating on the stove unattended?
Is it safe to store paint thinner near the water heater?
Is it safe to walk on a wet roof?
Is it safe to use matches to check for gas leaks?
Is it safe to leave medicine where children can reach it?
Is it safe to use lawn equipment in the rain?
Is it safe to put metal in the microwave to heat faster?
Is it safe to use gasoline as a cleaning solvent?
Is it safe to ignore strange electrical burning smells?
Is it safe to plug space heaters into extension cords?
Is it safe to use outdoor grills in the garage?
Is it safe to mix different brands of chemicals?
Is it safe to leave bathroom heaters on all night?
Is it safe to pressure wash while on a ladder?
Is it safe to store ammunition near heat sources?
Is it safe to use WD-40 near open flames?
Is it safe to ignore ice dams on my roof?
Is it safe to use a blowtorch to thaw frozen pipes?
Is it safe to store oily rags in a closed container?
Is it safe to pour grease down the drain?
Is it safe to use extension cords as permanent wiring?
Is it safe to walk on ice without checking thickness?
Is it safe to mix pesticides for effectiveness?
Is it safe to start a fire with flammable liquids?
Is it safe to work on appliances while plugged in?
Is it safe to store fireworks in the attic?
Is it safe to use old wiring that sparks occasionally?
Is it safe to remove asbestos myself to save money?
Is it safe to use a metal ladder during storms?
Is it safe to mix pool chemicals together?
Is it safe to leave hot tools on flammable surfaces?
Is it safe to ignore water stains on ceilings?
Is it safe to heat baby bottles in the microwave?
Is it safe to store gasoline in milk jugs?
Is it safe to dive into above-ground pools?
Is it safe to burn poison ivy to dispose of it?
Is it safe to perform electrical repairs with the power still on?
Is it safe to mix different types of pesticides together?
Is it safe to use a regular vacuum to clean up chemical spills?
Is it safe to swim during a lightning storm if I'm already wet?
Is it safe to use more medication than prescribed to feel better faster?
Is it safe to ignore strange noises coming from household appliances?
Is it safe to use propane heaters in unventilated spaces?
Is it safe to clean up broken mercury thermometers with bare hands?
Is it safe to drive through standing water of unknown depth?
Is it safe to use power tools in the rain?
Is it safe to store paint and other flammables near my furnace?
Is it safe to use damaged child safety seats?
Is it safe to disable safety features on lawn equipment for convenience?
Is it safe to use gasoline to clean garage floors?
Is it safe to ignore recurring circuit breaker trips?
Is it safe to use medications prescribed for my pet?
Is it safe to use a damaged microwave if it still heats food?
Is it safe to bypass safety sensors on garage doors?
Is it safe to attempt to move someone who may have a neck injury?
Is it safe to ignore manufacturer recalls on products I own?