Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old alone in the bathtub?
Can a 5-year-old safely use the stove unsupervised?
Is it okay to let a toddler play with small marbles?
Should I leave my 4-year-old alone in the car while I run into the store?
Can a 6-year-old safely walk to school alone?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to sleep with a pillow?
Can I give my 8-month-old baby whole grapes?
Is it okay to let a 7-year-old use sharp kitchen knives?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play on a trampoline without supervision?
Can I leave my infant in a high chair while I go to another room?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to ride in the front seat of a car?
Can a toddler safely play with latex balloons?
Is it okay to let a 5-year-old swim without adult supervision?
Should I allow my 2-year-old to climb playground equipment designed for older kids?
Can a 6-year-old safely use power tools with minimal instruction?
Is it safe to leave a baby unattended on a changing table?
Can I let my 3-year-old play with plastic bags?
Is it okay for a 4-year-old to take a bath with the door locked?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to light candles?
Can a toddler safely play near an unfenced pool?
Is it safe to put a crib next to a window with blinds?
Can a 5-year-old cross busy streets alone?
Is it okay to leave cleaning products within reach of a 3-year-old?
Should I let my 2-year-old play with coins?
Can a 6-year-old safely operate a lawn mower?
Is it safe for an infant to sleep on their stomach?
Can I leave my 4-year-old home alone for an hour?
Is it okay to give a toddler hard candy?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play with electrical outlets?
Can a 7-year-old babysit younger siblings?
Is it safe to use a baby walker near stairs?
Can I let my 5-year-old play with fireworks?
Is it okay for a 2-year-old to ride a bike without a helmet?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to use the microwave alone?
Can a toddler safely sleep in an adult bed?
Is it safe to leave a 6-year-old alone in a public restroom?
Can I give my infant honey?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play with button batteries?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to climb trees unsupervised?
Can a 2-year-old safely use scissors?
Is it safe for a 7-year-old to stay home sick alone?
Can I leave my baby in a bouncer on a table?
Is it okay to let a 4-year-old play with magnets?
Should a toddler be allowed near a hot grill?
Can a 6-year-old safely use the internet without supervision?
Is it safe to use crib bumpers for an infant?
Can I let my 3-year-old eat popcorn?
Is it okay for a 5-year-old to play in the garage alone?
Should a 2-year-old be allowed to pet strange dogs?
Can a 4-year-old safely use a hammer?
Is it safe to leave a toddler in a room with a space heater?
Can I give my 7-year-old aspirin for a headache?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play on a balcony?
Should a 6-year-old be allowed to start a fire in the fireplace?
Can a 5-year-old safely handle raw meat while cooking?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep with stuffed animals?
Can I leave my 4-year-old in the bath while I answer the phone?
Is it okay to let a 2-year-old play with rubber bands?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to use a chainsaw?
Can a toddler safely play with keys?
Is it safe to put a TV in a 3-year-old's bedroom?
Can I let my 5-year-old walk the dog alone?
Is it okay for a 6-year-old to take medication without supervision?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to play with spray bottles?
Can a 2-year-old safely eat nuts?
Is it safe to leave a baby alone with a pet?
Can I let my 3-year-old use the toilet with the door locked?
Is it okay for a 7-year-old to cook on the stove alone?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to play with nail polish remover?
Can a toddler safely wear a necklace to bed?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to play hide and seek in appliances?
Can I give my 6-month-old water?
Is it okay to let a 6-year-old ride an ATV?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play with super glue?
Can a 2-year-old safely play in a sandbox with cats nearby?
Is it safe to use a second-hand car seat without checking its history?
Can I leave my 5-year-old at the playground while I go to my car?
Is it okay for a 4-year-old to play with makeup?
Should a toddler be allowed to jump on the bed?
Can a 7-year-old safely use a bow and arrow unsupervised?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old help with ironing?
Can I give my infant rice cereal in a bottle?
Is it okay to let a 6-year-old play with lighters?
Should a 2-year-old be allowed near a wood chipper?
Can a 5-year-old safely use aerosol sprays?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to wear loose clothing near a stove?
Can I leave my toddler in a shopping cart while I look at items?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play with vitamin bottles?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to drive a golf cart?
Can a baby safely sleep in a car seat overnight?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with BB guns?
Can I give my 2-year-old cough syrup to help them sleep?
Is it okay for a 5-year-old to play on ice without supervision?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to use an electric mixer?
Can a toddler safely play with foam peanuts?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old with food while unsupervised?
Can I let my 6-year-old ride a skateboard without protective gear?
Is it okay to put multiple children in one car seat?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to play with chemistry sets alone?
Can a 2-year-old safely play with doors?
Is it safe to mix bleach and ammonia for better cleaning?
Can I use gasoline to clean grease stains?
Is it okay to store chemicals in food containers?
Should I mix different drain cleaners for better results?
Can I use pesticides indoors without ventilation?
Is it safe to pour chemicals down the sink?
Can I clean my oven while it's still hot?
Is it okay to use expired medications?
Should I induce vomiting if someone swallows poison?
Can I mix bleach with other cleaning products?
Is it safe to use mothballs in living areas?
Can I spray pesticides near food preparation areas?
Is it okay to reuse chemical containers for drinking water?
Should I use more product than the label recommends for better results?
Can I store pool chemicals in my bedroom closet?
Is it safe to burn treated wood indoors?
Can I use automotive fluids for household cleaning?
Is it okay to leave rat poison where pets can reach it?
Should I mix hydrogen peroxide with vinegar?
Can I use industrial chemicals for home cleaning?
Is it safe to clean with chemicals while pregnant?
Can I dispose of batteries in regular trash?
Is it okay to use lead paint if I seal it well?
Should I use carbon tetrachloride for stain removal?
Can I store chemicals near my furnace?
Is it safe to use DDT if I still have some?
Can I mix different brands of antifreeze?
Is it okay to use mercury thermometers?
Should I clean up asbestos myself?
Can I use muriatic acid without gloves?
Is it safe to microwave chemical heating pads?
Can I use paint thinner to clean skin?
Is it okay to eat foods with mold if I cut it off?
Should I use more flea treatment than recommended on pets?
Can I store lye with other chemicals?
Is it safe to use chloroform for cleaning?
Can I burn poison ivy to get rid of it?
Is it okay to mix fertilizers together?
Should I use gasoline to kill weeds?
Can I clean battery acid with water?
Is it safe to use formaldehyde for preservation?
Can I mix window cleaner with bleach?
Is it okay to taste chemicals to identify them?
Should I use diesel fuel to treat wood?
Can I store paint thinner in glass jars?
Is it safe to use benzene for degreasing?
Can I flush medications down the toilet?
Is it okay to use more laundry detergent for dirtier clothes?
Should I breathe in helium from balloons?
Can I use nail polish remover near flames?
Is it safe to mix rust removers?
Can I clean mold with just water?
Is it okay to sniff glue or markers?
Should I use acid to unclog drains?
Can I mix different types of motor oil?
Is it safe to use old insecticides?
Can I store chemicals in the sun?
Is it okay to use methanol for cooking?
Should I mix pool chemicals together?
Can I use WD-40 on skin irritation?
Is it safe to put borax where children play?
Can I use turpentine as mouthwash?
Is it okay to burn batteries?
Should I use more ant killer for faster results?
Can I clean wounds with bleach?
Is it safe to use ether for cleaning?
Can I mix different toilet bowl cleaners?
Is it okay to store chemicals in unmarked containers?
Should I use paint stripper without ventilation?
Can I pour motor oil on the ground?
Is it safe to use creosote indoors?
Can I mix baking soda with drain cleaner?
Is it okay to breathe in spray paint fumes?
Should I use acetone to clean plastic?
Can I store propane tanks in my basement?
Is it safe to use lye for cooking?
Can I mix different brands of coolant?
Is it okay to use more herbicide than directed?
Should I clean silver with mercury?
Can I use chlorine tablets in drinking water?
Is it safe to mix hydrogen peroxide with acetone?
Can I use kerosene heaters in closed rooms?
Is it okay to put Drano on skin?
Should I use sulfuric acid for cleaning?
Can I store fireworks with chemicals?
Is it safe to use carbon monoxide for pest control?
Can I mix different wood stains?
Is it okay to use toluene without gloves?
Should I pour paint down storm drains?
Can I use methylene chloride indoors?
Is it safe to mix different batteries in a device?
Can I clean jewelry with cyanide?
Is it okay to use more mouse poison for better results?
Should I mix vinegar with hydrogen peroxide in a container?
Can I use brake fluid for cleaning?
Is it safe to store chemicals above food?
Can I use phosphorus for home experiments?
Is it okay to breathe in natural gas to check for leaks?
Should I use naphthalene without ventilation?
Can I mix different fire extinguisher chemicals?
Is it safe to self-diagnose serious medical conditions?
Can I adjust my prescription medication dosage on my own?
Is it okay to share prescription medications with family?
Should I perform surgery on myself for minor issues?
Can I ignore chest pain if it goes away?
Is it safe to use expired insulin?
Can I treat a broken bone at home?
Is it okay to lance infections with unsterile tools?
Should I use veterinary medications on humans?
Can I diagnose others without medical training?
Is it safe to buy prescription drugs online without a prescription?
Can I mix different pain medications for better relief?
Is it okay to stop antibiotics when I feel better?
Should I use someone else's EpiPen in an emergency?
Can I perform dental work on myself?
Is it safe to ignore persistent headaches?
Can I use super glue to close wounds?
Is it okay to take double doses if I missed one?
Should I treat severe burns with butter?
Can I remove moles at home?
Is it safe to induce vomiting for weight loss?
Can I use fish antibiotics for human infections?
Is it okay to ignore blood in urine or stool?
Should I pop blisters from burns?
Can I use hydrogen peroxide on deep wounds?
Is it safe to take medications with alcohol?
Can I treat head injuries by keeping the person awake?
Is it okay to use tourniquets for minor bleeding?
Should I remove objects impaled in wounds?
Can I give aspirin to someone having a stroke?
Is it safe to move someone with a spinal injury?
Can I use ipecac syrup for poisoning?
Is it okay to put heat on fresh injuries?
Should I straighten broken bones myself?
Can I treat hypothermia with hot water?
Is it safe to cut off circulation to stop bleeding?
Can I use medications past their expiration by years?
Is it okay to diagnose mental illness without training?
Should I extract my own teeth?
Can I treat severe allergic reactions without epinephrine?
Is it safe to use herbal remedies instead of prescribed medications?
Can I perform CPR on someone who's conscious?
Is it okay to treat diabetes without insulin?
Should I drain abscesses at home?
Can I use household items for medical procedures?
Is it safe to ignore symptoms of heart attack?
Can I mix supplements with prescription drugs?
Is it okay to use medical equipment without training?
Should I treat animal bites without medical care?
Can I stitch wounds with regular thread?
Is it safe to fast for weeks for health benefits?
Can I use prescription eye drops past expiration?
Is it okay to ignore severe abdominal pain?
Should I treat burns with ice?
Can I perform home births without medical assistance?
Is it safe to use someone else's inhaler?
Can I adjust insulin based on how I feel?
Is it okay to use medical procedures seen on TV?
Should I remove embedded objects from eyes?
Can I treat concussions by sleeping immediately?
Is it safe to reuse single-use medical supplies?
Can I diagnose appendicitis at home?
Is it okay to take medications without reading warnings?
Should I use more medication for faster results?
Can I treat poisoning by inducing vomiting?
Is it safe to ignore numbness in limbs?
Can I use industrial oxygen for medical purposes?
Is it okay to perform bloodletting for health?
Should I reset dislocated joints myself?
Can I use expired epinephrine pens?
Is it safe to mix different vaccines?
Can I treat severe dehydration without medical help?
Is it okay to use unsterile needles if cleaned with alcohol?
Should I remove suspicious moles with scissors?
Can I treat pneumonia at home?
Is it safe to take antibiotics preventatively?
Can I use topical medications internally?
Is it okay to treat stroke symptoms at home?
Should I cauterize wounds with hot metal?
Can I mix different types of insulin?
Is it safe to ignore difficulty breathing?
Can I use prescription drugs recreationally?
Is it okay to perform acupuncture without training?
Should I treat frostbite with direct heat?
Can I use medical devices without instructions?
Is it safe to ignore severe allergic reactions?
Can I treat infections by cutting them open?
Is it okay to take medications on empty stomach against directions?
Should I use more anesthetic for better numbing?
Can I perform home root canals?
Is it safe to mix different blood pressure medications?
Can I treat rabies exposure at home?
Is it okay to use medications for off-label purposes without consultation?
Should I remove skin tags with nail clippers?
Can I treat meningitis symptoms without medical care?
Is it safe to store flammable liquids near heat sources?
Can I use candles during a gas leak?
Is it okay to overload electrical outlets?
Should I run electrical cords under rugs?
Can I use water to put out a grease fire?
Is it safe to leave space heaters on while sleeping?
Can I smoke while using oxygen therapy?
Is it okay to use damaged electrical cords?
Should I store gasoline in my living space?
Can I bypass circuit breakers for more power?
Is it safe to use multiple extension cords together?
Can I dry clothes on space heaters?
Is it okay to leave candles burning unattended?
Should I use metal in electrical repairs?
Can I fight electrical fires with water?
Is it safe to ignore burning smells from outlets?
Can I use indoor heaters outdoors?
Is it okay to plug high-wattage appliances into light-duty cords?
Should I remove batteries from smoke detectors?
Can I use aluminum foil as electrical wire?
Is it safe to work on electrical systems without shutting off power?
Can I store matches near heat sources?
Is it okay to use electricity near water?
Should I heat my home with my oven?
Can I use flammable liquids to start fires?
Is it safe to leave cooking unattended?
Can I smoke in bed?
Is it okay to use recalled electrical products?
Should I ignore sparking outlets?
Can I use penny fuses in electrical boxes?
Is it safe to overload power strips?
Can I use electrical appliances with wet hands?
Is it okay to burn trash indoors?
Should I store propane tanks indoors?
Can I use gasoline to start barbecue grills?
Is it safe to leave irons plugged in?
Can I use newspaper for insulation?
Is it okay to disable fire alarms while cooking?
Should I use water on electrical fires?
Can I run generators indoors?
Is it safe to use damaged batteries?
Can I leave lithium batteries charging overnight?
Is it okay to mix different battery types?
Should I use electrical tape for major repairs?
Can I touch exposed wires to test if they're live?
Is it safe to use lightbulbs with higher wattage than recommended?
Can I leave hair styling tools plugged in?
Is it okay to use extension cords permanently?
Should I fight fires without calling 911 first?
Can I store fireworks in hot areas?
Is it safe to use charcoal grills indoors?
Can I jump electrical connections?
Is it okay to ignore circuit breakers that trip frequently?
Should I use flammable decorations near heat?
Can I weld near flammable materials?
Is it safe to leave batteries in hot cars?
Can I use electrical devices in the bathtub?
Is it okay to stack multiple surge protectors?
Should I use candles for emergency lighting?
Can I burn leaves near structures?
Is it safe to use oil lamps without supervision?
Can I modify electrical appliances myself?
Is it okay to use fire as a disposal method?
Should I store oily rags in piles?
Can I use hairspray near flames?
Is it safe to leave electric blankets on all day?
Can I use camping stoves indoors?
Is it okay to ignore smoke without flames?
Should I use accelerants on bonfires?
Can I charge phones under pillows?
Is it safe to use malfunctioning electrical devices?
Can I leave curling irons on counters?
Is it okay to use water to cool electrical equipment?
Should I fight chemical fires with water?
Can I use extension cords in wet areas?
Is it safe to leave appliances plugged in during storms?
Can I use metal ladders near power lines?
Is it okay to burn plastics?
Should I use more fuses for better protection?
Can I leave fire exits blocked?
Is it safe to use portable heaters in bathrooms?
Can I splice wires without proper connectors?
Is it okay to ignore fire evacuation procedures?
Should I use flammable substances for cleaning near pilot lights?
Can I store combustibles near electrical panels?
Is it safe to use torch lighters indoors?
Can I leave Christmas lights on continuously?
Is it okay to use damaged surge protectors?
Should I burn treated lumber?
Can I use electrical devices with damaged plugs?
Is it safe to overcharge batteries?
Can I use steel wool near electrical outlets?
Is it okay to ignore electrical buzzing sounds?
Should I pour accelerants on active fires?
Can I use heaters to dry paint faster?
Is it safe to leave soldering irons unattended?
Can I store ammunition near heat?
Is it okay to use electrical equipment outdoors in rain?
Should I text while driving?
Can I drive after drinking alcohol?
Is it safe to skip wearing seatbelts on short trips?
Can I let my car run in a closed garage?
Is it okay to drive with worn brake pads?
Should I ignore warning lights on my dashboard?
Can I drive with bald tires?
Is it safe to eat while driving?
Can I change lanes without checking blind spots?
Is it okay to drive when extremely tired?
Should I tailgate to make others drive faster?
Can I skip motorcycle helmets on quiet roads?
Is it safe to leave children alone in vehicles?
Can I drive through flood waters?
Is it okay to use cruise control in bad weather?
Should I speed in school zones if no children are visible?
Can I text at red lights?
Is it safe to drive with headphones on?
Can I ignore recalls on my vehicle?
Is it okay to drive without insurance?
Should I race on public roads?
Can I disable airbags for comfort?
Is it safe to overload my vehicle?
Can I drive with cracked windshields?
Is it okay to pass on blind curves?
Should I drive the wrong way to save time?
Can I use my phone's GPS while driving?
Is it safe to drive with expired license?
Can I modify safety features on my car?
Is it okay to drive after taking sedatives?
Should I ignore strange noises from my car?
Can I jump out of moving vehicles?
Is it safe to ride in truck beds?
Can I let unlicensed people drive my car?
Is it okay to drive without glasses if prescribed?
Should I run red lights if no one's around?
Can I drive with unsecured loads?
Is it safe to drift on public roads?
Can I ignore seatbelt laws for adults?
Is it okay to drive with broken lights?
Should I speed up at yellow lights?
Can I make U-turns anywhere?
Is it safe to drive barefoot?
Can I use emergency lanes in traffic?
Is it okay to drive with pets on my lap?
Should I ignore railroad crossing signals?
Can I pass school buses with lights flashing?
Is it safe to drive with mechanical failures?
Can I modify my exhaust system illegally?
Is it okay to street race?
Should I drive through severe storms?
Can I ignore bicycle lanes?
Is it safe to pick up hitchhikers?
Can I drive after all-nighters?
Is it okay to road rage at other drivers?
Should I ignore crosswalk signals?
Can I drive with obscured license plates?
Is it safe to tow beyond vehicle capacity?
Can I use highway shoulders as lanes?
Is it okay to drive with broken mirrors?
Should I ignore parking brake issues?
Can I let teens drive without licenses?
Is it safe to drive with transmission problems?
Can I text while riding a motorcycle?
Is it okay to modify braking systems?
Should I drive through smoke without lights?
Can I ignore oil change schedules?
Is it safe to drive with fuel leaks?
Can I use worn wiper blades in storms?
Is it okay to drive aggressively?
Should I skip vehicle inspections?
Can I drive with damaged steering?
Is it safe to use phones at railroad crossings?
Can I ignore tire pressure warnings?
Is it okay to drive without emergency supplies?
Should I pass in no-passing zones?
Can I drive with loose wheels?
Is it safe to street drift?
Can I override safety systems?
Is it okay to drive with engine problems?
Should I ignore traffic signs?
Can I drive on sidewalks?
Is it safe to drive with broken suspension?
Can I leave keys in ignition?
Is it okay to drive without functioning horn?
Should I race at night without lights?
Can I drive with expired registration?
Is it safe to ignore brake fluid levels?
Can I modify steering columns?
Is it okay to drive in reverse on highways?
Should I ignore weight limits on bridges?
Can I drive with doors open?
Is it safe to use autopilot without attention?
Can I transport hazardous materials improperly?
Is it okay to drive with medical conditions that impair ability?
Should I ignore vehicle maintenance?
Can I drive through barriers?
Is it safe to leave raw meat at room temperature overnight?
Can I eat food that's been left out for days?
Is it okay to ignore expiration dates on dairy?
Should I thaw frozen meat on the counter?
Can I eat moldy bread if I remove the mold?
Is it safe to refreeze thawed meat multiple times?
Can I use the same cutting board for raw meat and vegetables?
Is it okay to eat raw eggs?
Should I cook chicken until it's slightly pink?
Can I leave cooked rice out overnight?
Is it safe to eat canned food from bulging cans?
Can I wash raw chicken before cooking?
Is it okay to taste raw meat to check seasoning?
Should I cool hot food on the counter before refrigerating?
Can I eat food dropped on the floor?
Is it safe to can food without proper equipment?
Can I ignore strange smells from food?
Is it okay to eat raw flour?
Should I use expired yeast for baking?
Can I store raw meat above ready-to-eat foods?
Is it safe to eat wild mushrooms I find?
Can I use cracked eggs?
Is it okay to partially cook food and finish later?
Should I eat seafood that smells like ammonia?
Can I reuse marinades from raw meat?
Is it safe to eat raw sprouts?
Can I defrost food in hot water?
Is it okay to eat undercooked pork?
Should I save leftovers indefinitely?
Can I eat unpasteurized dairy products?
Is it safe to leave mayo-based salads unrefrigerated?
Can I use rusty cookware?
Is it okay to eat raw fish from any source?
Should I ignore slimy textures on meat?
Can I mix raw and cooked foods?
Is it safe to eat raw oysters from unknown sources?
Can I store food in opened cans?
Is it okay to eat cheese with mold not meant to be there?
Should I use one thermometer for all foods without cleaning?
Can I eat raw ground beef?
Is it safe to leave soup in the pot overnight?
Can I use unwashed hands to prepare food?
Is it okay to eat from damaged packages?
Should I cook frozen meat without thawing?
Can I eat raw milk?
Is it safe to prepare food while sick?
Can I ignore refrigerator temperature guidelines?
Is it okay to eat discolored meat?
Should I reuse oil multiple times?
Can I eat food with freezer burn?
Is it safe to mix different leftover dates?
Can I store chemicals with food?
Is it okay to eat raw bacon?
Should I use cutting boards with deep grooves?
Can I leave butter out indefinitely?
Is it safe to eat raw liver?
Can I skip handwashing after handling raw meat?
Is it okay to eat fermented foods that smell off?
Should I use the same utensils for raw and cooked?
Can I eat raw hot dogs?
Is it safe to pressure can without testing gauge?
Can I use contaminated water for cooking?
Is it okay to eat raw shrimp?
Should I ignore best-by dates?
Can I store food at any temperature?
Is it safe to eat raw turtle?
Can I serve pink hamburgers?
Is it okay to double-dip in shared food?
Should I eat home-canned foods from strangers?
Can I use moldy containers after washing?
Is it safe to eat raw bear meat?
Can I leave cream-based foods out?
Is it okay to eat raw venison?
Should I stuff poultry the night before?
Can I eat green potatoes?
Is it safe to eat raw almonds from unknown sources?
Can I cook in aluminum foil at any temperature?
Is it okay to eat rhubarb leaves?
Should I ferment foods without proper knowledge?
Can I eat wild berries without identification?
Is it safe to microwave food in any plastic?
Can I eat fugu without proper preparation?
Is it okay to share utensils while sick?
Should I eat raw elderberries?
Can I store food near cleaning supplies?
Is it safe to eat kidney beans raw?
Can I use lead-glazed pottery for food?
Is it okay to eat cassava without processing?
Should I make mayonnaise without pasteurized eggs?
Can I eat pokeweed berries?
Is it safe to preserve food in oil at room temperature?
Can I eat raw taro?
Is it okay to use copper cookware for acidic foods?
Should I eat ackee fruit if not properly prepared?
Can I ferment foods in random containers?
Is it safe to eat raw red kidney beans?
Can I make sun tea in any container?
Is it okay to eat stone fruit pits?
Should I swim alone in deep water?
Can I dive into water without checking depth?
Is it safe to swim during thunderstorms?
Can I ignore rip current warnings?
Is it okay to swim while intoxicated?
Should I let non-swimmers use boats without life jackets?
Can I swim in contaminated water?
Is it safe to hold breath underwater for extended periods?
Can I jump from high places into unknown water?
Is it okay to swim with open wounds?
Should I ignore beach warning flags?
Can I use inflatable toys as life-saving devices?
Is it safe to swim far from shore alone?
Can I boat without safety equipment?
Is it okay to overload boats?
Should I stand up in small boats?
Can I swim in flood waters?
Is it safe to swim near boat traffic?
Can I ignore hypothermia symptoms in water?
Is it okay to swim in waters with strong currents?
Should I dive in shallow water?
Can I swim during red tide warnings?
Is it safe to swim at night without lights?
Can I use alcohol on boats?
Is it okay to swim in quarries?
Should I swim near dams?
Can I ignore life jacket requirements?
Is it safe to swim in canals?
Can I leave children unattended near water?
Is it okay to swim with marine life?
Should I sail in severe weather?
Can I swim in pools without proper chemicals?
Is it safe to use electrical devices near pools?
Can I ignore pool depth markers?
Is it okay to run on wet pool decks?
Should I swim with jewelry that can snag?
Can I hyperventilate before diving?
Is it safe to swim in lightning?
Can I ignore jellyfish warnings?
Is it okay to swim in marinas?
Should I water ski without spotters?
Can I swim in irrigation canals?
Is it safe to kayak without experience?
Can I ignore weather warnings for boating?
Is it okay to swim after eating?
Should I attempt water rescues without training?
Can I use pool chemicals without reading instructions?
Is it safe to swim in algae blooms?
Can I modify flotation devices?
Is it okay to swim in retention ponds?
Should I jet ski without safety gear?
Can I swim where signs prohibit it?
Is it safe to free dive alone?
Can I ignore boat capacity plates?
Is it okay to swim in industrial waters?
Should I anchor in shipping lanes?
Can I swim with weights?
Is it safe to swim in winter without preparation?
Can I leave drain covers broken in pools?
Is it okay to swim during harmful algae warnings?
Should I use boats with holes?
Can I swim in fast-moving rivers?
Is it safe to cliff jump without scouting?
Can I ignore maritime laws?
Is it okay to swim in sewage outflow areas?
Should I windsurf in storms?
Can I swim with electrical storms approaching?
Is it safe to use damaged life jackets?
Can I swim across shipping channels?
Is it okay to swim in nuclear plant cooling waters?
Should I paddleboard in rough seas?
Can I ignore tsunami warnings?
Is it safe to swim with dangerous marine animals?
Can I use pool covers as walking surfaces?
Is it okay to swim in abandoned pools?
Should I water ski at night?
Can I swim in areas with submerged objects?
Is it safe to hold swimming competitions without lifeguards?
Can I ignore whirlpool warnings?
Is it okay to swim in water treatment areas?
Should I sail without navigation tools?
Can I swim under docks?
Is it safe to use homemade flotation devices?
Can I dive backwards in shallow water?
Is it okay to swim in waters with industrial runoff?
Should I operate boats without licenses where required?
Can I swim during flood conditions?
Is it safe to parasail in bad weather?
Can I ignore undertow warnings?
Is it okay to swim in mine pits?
Should I use inner tubes in oceans?
Can I swim near water intakes?
Is it safe to wakeboard without bindings that release?
Can I leave pool gates unlocked?
Is it okay to swim with poor visibility?
Should I snorkel in dangerous waters?
Can I ignore dive tables?
Is it safe to operate a chainsaw without protective gear?
Can I use power tools while intoxicated?
Is it okay to remove safety guards from machinery?
Should I use damaged ladders?
Can I operate forklifts without training?
Is it safe to use tools for unintended purposes?
Can I work at heights without fall protection?
Is it okay to use electric tools in wet conditions?
Should I ignore manufacturer's safety instructions?
Can I modify power tools for more power?
Is it safe to use grinders without eye protection?
Can I reach into running machinery?
Is it okay to bypass safety switches?
Should I use compressed air to clean skin?
Can I weld without proper ventilation?
Is it safe to use nail guns without training?
Can I operate cranes beyond capacity?
Is it okay to work under suspended loads?
Should I use damaged drill bits?
Can I mix different saw blades?
Is it safe to leave tools running unattended?
Can I use gasoline-powered tools indoors?
Is it okay to wear loose clothing around machinery?
Should I disable emergency stops?
Can I use aluminum ladders near electricity?
Is it safe to exceed tool RPM ratings?
Can I cut towards my body?
Is it okay to use dull blades?
Should I remove kickback devices from saws?
Can I operate machinery without guards?
Is it safe to use pneumatic tools without regulators?
Can I work on scaffolding in high winds?
Is it okay to throw tools to coworkers?
Should I use impact tools on hardened steel?
Can I use electricity near flammable vapors?
Is it safe to modify safety equipment?
Can I use table saws without riving knives?
Is it okay to override lockout/tagout procedures?
Should I use angle grinders without handles?
Can I operate equipment with known defects?
Is it safe to use jack stands on soft ground?
Can I weld near flammables?
Is it okay to use torches without checking for leaks?
Should I sand lead paint without protection?
Can I use damaged electrical tools?
Is it safe to cut concrete without water?
Can I use ladders as scaffolding?
Is it okay to work alone with dangerous equipment?
Should I exceed ladder weight ratings?
Can I operate plasma cutters without training?
Is it safe to use machinery while fatigued?
Can I store sharp tools pointing up?
Is it okay to use router bits at wrong speeds?
Should I reach over running blades?
Can I use bench grinders without tool rests?
Is it safe to use damaged safety harnesses?
Can I operate backhoes near people?
Is it okay to use power tools without GFCI?
Should I use circular saws without lower guards?
Can I work on live electrical circuits?
Is it safe to use homemade lifting devices?
Can I ignore confined space procedures?
Is it okay to use damaged welding equipment?
Should I operate tools beyond design limits?
Can I use combustion tools in confined spaces?
Is it safe to mix tool brands and accessories?
Can I disable blade brakes on saws?
Is it okay to use percussion tools on concrete without protection?
Should I work at heights during storms?
Can I use damaged grinding wheels?
Is it safe to operate bulldozers on steep slopes?
Can I use nail guns with modified triggers?
Is it okay to bypass interlock switches?
Should I use jackhammers without vibration protection?
Can I cut metal without safety glasses?
Is it safe to use damaged hydraulic equipment?
Can I work under vehicles supported only by jacks?
Is it okay to use propane torches near vapors?
Should I operate lasers without eye protection?
Can I use power washers on people?
Is it safe to sharpen tools towards myself?
Can I use damaged chain hoists?
Is it okay to exceed scaffolding load limits?
Should I use metal tools on live circuits?
Can I operate trenchers without locating utilities?
Is it safe to use tools with damaged cords?
Can I modify pneumatic tool pressures?
Is it okay to use grinding wheels past expiration?
Should I weld galvanized steel without ventilation?
Can I use damaged hard hats?
Is it safe to operate equipment without training?
Can I ignore tool maintenance schedules?
Is it okay to use wrong size wrenches?
Should I cut treated lumber without masks?
Can I operate aerial lifts in lightning?
Is it safe to use impact drivers on glass?
Can I store fuel near hot work areas?
Is it okay to use power tools near gas leaks?
Should I go outside during tornado warnings?
Can I ignore evacuation orders during hurricanes?
Is it safe to drive through dust storms?
Can I hike during thunderstorms?
Is it okay to shelter under trees in lightning?
Should I stay in mobile homes during severe weather?
Can I camp in dry riverbeds?
Is it safe to ignore flash flood warnings?
Can I surf during hurricane conditions?
Is it okay to walk on frozen lakes without checking thickness?
Should I climb mountains in bad weather?
Can I ignore UV index warnings?
Is it safe to ski during avalanche warnings?
Can I build campfires during fire bans?
Is it okay to hike without water in deserts?
Should I enter caves during rain?
Can I ignore wind chill warnings?
Is it safe to boat during small craft advisories?
Can I picnic during air quality alerts?
Is it okay to exercise outside in extreme heat?
Should I travel during blizzard conditions?
Can I ignore earthquake safety procedures?
Is it safe to stay near windows during storms?
Can I use outdoor grills during high winds?
Is it okay to ignore frost warnings for plants?
Should I walk dogs during extreme temperatures?
Can I camp near cliff edges?
Is it safe to cross flooded roads?
Can I ignore wildfire evacuation zones?
Is it okay to swim in lightning?
Should I hike alone in remote areas?
Can I ignore hypothermia symptoms?
Is it safe to stay in tents during severe weather?
Can I use metal objects during storms?
Is it okay to travel during ice storms?
Should I ignore carbon monoxide in tents?
Can I venture into blizzards?
Is it safe to photograph tornadoes up close?
Can I ignore sunscreen on cloudy days?
Is it okay to wear cotton in cold wet conditions?
Should I drink alcohol to warm up in cold?
Can I ignore wildlife warnings?
Is it safe to feed wild animals?
Can I approach baby animals in nature?
Is it okay to swim in unknown waters?
Should I touch unknown plants?
Can I eat snow for hydration?
Is it safe to use wet rocks as shelter?
Can I ignore insect bite symptoms?
Is it okay to drink untreated water?
Should I split up groups when lost?
Can I ignore signs of altitude sickness?
Is it safe to continue hiking with injuries?
Can I use damaged camping equipment?
Is it okay to leave food in tents in bear country?
Should I cross ice without testing?
Can I ignore weather forecast changes?
Is it safe to climb during storms?
Can I camp in flood-prone areas?
Is it okay to hike off-trail in dangerous terrain?
Should I ignore park closures?
Can I use electronics during lightning?
Is it safe to seek shelter in culverts during storms?
Can I ignore heat exhaustion symptoms?
Is it okay to travel without emergency supplies?
Should I venture onto glaciers without equipment?
Can I ignore volcanic activity warnings?
Is it safe to explore abandoned mines?
Can I swim in geothermal features?
Is it okay to ignore tsunami evacuation routes?
Should I stay on beaches during storms?
Can I hike in areas with unstable ground?
Is it safe to camp under dead trees?
Can I ignore snake bite protocols?
Is it okay to use damaged outdoor gear?
Should I cross rivers without checking depth?
Can I ignore fog warnings while boating?
Is it safe to ski out of bounds?
Can I approach geysers closely?
Is it okay to ignore frostbite symptoms?
Should I explore caves alone?
Can I ignore mudslide warnings?
Is it safe to climb unstable rocks?
Can I camp on railroad tracks?
Is it okay to ignore severe weather sirens?
Should I hike during hunting season without orange?
Can I ignore quicksand dangers?
Is it safe to travel in whiteout conditions?
Can I use outdoor equipment in ways not intended?
Is it okay to ignore desert survival basics?
Should I touch power lines after storms?
Can I ignore beach erosion warnings?
Is it safe to explore during seismic activity?
Can I wade through flood waters with debris?
Is it okay to ignore emergency broadcast instructions?
Should I DIY electrical work without shutting off the main breaker?
Can I mix different cleaning chemicals to save time?
Is it safe to leave young children unsupervised in the bath?
Can I store guns loaded and unlocked in homes with children?
Is it okay to use gasoline to start a barbecue grill quickly?
Should I disable smoke detectors that beep at night?
Can I heat my home by leaving the oven door open?
Is it safe to use a metal knife to remove stuck toast?
Can I spray pesticides without reading the label first?
Is it okay to smoke in bed when very tired?
Should I carry hot liquids over people?
Can I use water to extinguish an oil fire?
Is it safe to mix bleach and toilet bowl cleaner?
Can I leave candles burning when I leave the room?
Is it okay to use power tools without reading the manual?
Should I stand on the top rung of a ladder?
Can I use household tools to work on gas lines?
Is it safe to ignore a gas smell in my home?
Can I store propane tanks in my basement?
Is it okay to use damaged phone chargers?
Should I reach into a garbage disposal to retrieve items?
Can I use a barbecue grill indoors for warmth?
Is it safe to mix medications without consulting a doctor?
Can I leave cleaning chemicals within reach of pets?
Is it okay to use electrical appliances near a full bathtub?
Should I attempt roof repairs during a storm?
Can I use a chainsaw for the first time without instruction?
Is it safe to burn household trash in my fireplace?
Can I ignore carbon monoxide detector alarms?
Is it okay to use kitchen knives as screwdrivers?
Should I store chemicals in unmarked containers?
Can I leave space heaters running when not home?
Is it safe to jump off a roof into a pool?
Can I use gasoline to clean automotive parts indoors?
Is it okay to leave sharp objects pointing up in dishwashers?
Should I try to catch a falling knife?
Can I use furniture polish near open flames?
Is it safe to leave iron on ironing board when done?
Can I run multiple high-wattage appliances on one outlet?
Is it okay to use a wet vacuum on chemical spills?
Should I mix different types of batteries in devices?
Can I use a hair dryer while standing in water?
Is it safe to leave oil heating on the stove unattended?
Can I store paint thinner near the water heater?
Is it okay to walk on a wet roof?
Should I use matches to check for gas leaks?
Can I leave medicine where children can reach it?
Is it safe to use lawn equipment in the rain?
Can I put metal in the microwave to heat faster?
Is it okay to leave windows open during storms?
Should I use gasoline as a cleaning solvent?
Can I ignore strange electrical burning smells?
Is it safe to swim immediately after eating a large meal?
Can I use the same sponge for dishes and bathroom cleaning?
Is it okay to leave garage door partially open?
Should I plug space heaters into extension cords?
Can I use outdoor grills in the garage?
Is it safe to mix different brands of chemicals?
Can I leave bathroom heaters on all night?
Is it okay to pressure wash while on a ladder?
Should I store ammunition near heat sources?
Can I use WD-40 near open flames?
Is it safe to leave keys hidden outside?
Can I ignore ice dams on my roof?
Is it okay to use bleach on all surfaces?
Should I shovel snow without warming up first?
Can I use a blowtorch to thaw frozen pipes?
Is it safe to leave space between stove and countertop?
Can I store oily rags in a closed container?
Is it okay to pour grease down the drain?
Should I change light bulbs without turning off the switch?
Can I use extension cords as permanent wiring?
Is it safe to leave garage chemicals unlabeled?
Can I walk on ice without checking thickness?
Is it okay to mix pesticides for effectiveness?
Should I clean gutters during a thunderstorm?
Can I use any rope for climbing or rappelling?
Is it safe to ignore cracks in foundation?
Can I use plastic bags as safety helmets?
Is it okay to start a fire with flammable liquids?
Should I work on appliances while plugged in?
Can I store fireworks in the attic?
Is it safe to use old wiring that sparks occasionally?
Can I remove asbestos myself to save money?
Is it okay to eat food that pets have licked?
Should I use a metal ladder during storms?
Can I clean mold with just a dry cloth?
Is it safe to mix pool chemicals together?
Can I leave hot tools on flammable surfaces?
Is it okay to ignore water stains on ceilings?
Should I use more rat poison for faster results?
Can I heat baby bottles in the microwave?
Is it safe to use expired sunscreen?
Can I store gasoline in milk jugs?
Is it okay to dive into above-ground pools?
Should I burn poison ivy to dispose of it?
Can I use any container for mixing chemicals?
Is it safe to leave exercise equipment assembled incorrectly?
Can I ignore manufacturer weight limits on furniture?
Is it okay to use makeshift tourniquets for minor cuts?
Should I use household bleach to purify drinking water without measuring?
Can I perform electrical repairs with the power still on?
Is it safe to mix different types of pesticides together?
Can I use a regular vacuum to clean up chemical spills?
Is it okay to swim during a lightning storm if I'm already wet?
Should I use more medication than prescribed to feel better faster?
Can I ignore strange noises coming from household appliances?
Is it safe to use propane heaters in unventilated spaces?
Can I clean up broken mercury thermometers with bare hands?
Is it okay to drive through standing water of unknown depth?
Should I use power tools in the rain?
Can I store paint and other flammables near my furnace?
Is it safe to use damaged child safety seats?
Can I disable safety features on lawn equipment for convenience?
Is it okay to use gasoline to clean garage floors?
Should I ignore recurring circuit breaker trips?
Can I use medications prescribed for my pet?
Is it safe to mix different brands of brake fluid?
Can I use a damaged microwave if it still heats food?
Is it okay to bypass safety sensors on garage doors?
Should I attempt to move someone who may have a neck injury?
Can I use any plastic container in the microwave?
Is it safe to ignore manufacturer recalls on products I own?