Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play on a trampoline without supervision?
Is it safe to let my 2-year-old play with coins?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with electrical outlets?
Is it safe to give aspirin to a 7-year-old for a headache?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play on a balcony?
Is it safe to let a 2-year-old play with rubber bands?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to eat nuts?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old use the toilet with the door locked?
Is it safe to let a toddler wear a necklace to bed?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to play hide and seek in appliances?
Is it safe to give water to a 6-month-old?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with super glue?
Is it safe to use a second-hand car seat without checking its history?
Is it safe to let a toddler jump on the bed?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old help with ironing?
Is it safe to give rice cereal in a bottle to an infant?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with lighters?
Is it safe to let a 4-year-old wear loose clothing near a stove?
Is it safe to leave my toddler in a shopping cart while I look at items?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with vitamin bottles?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep in a car seat overnight?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with BB guns?
Is it safe to give cough syrup to a 2-year-old to help them sleep?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with foam peanuts?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old with food while unsupervised?
Is it safe to let my 6-year-old ride a skateboard without protective gear?
Is it safe to put multiple children in one car seat?
Is it safe to use gasoline to clean grease stains?
Is it safe to use pesticides indoors without ventilation?
Is it safe to pour chemicals down the sink?
Is it safe to use mothballs in living areas?
Is it safe to use more product than the label recommends for better results?
Is it safe to leave rat poison where pets can reach it?
Is it safe to clean with chemicals while pregnant?
Is it safe to use lead paint if I seal it well?
Is it safe to use DDT if I still have some?
Is it safe to use paint thinner to clean skin?
Is it safe to use more flea treatment than recommended on pets?
Is it safe to use gasoline to kill weeds?
Is it safe to flush medications down the toilet?
Is it safe to use nail polish remover near flames?
Is it safe to put borax where children play?
Is it safe to burn batteries?
Is it safe to pour motor oil on the ground?
Is it safe to use chlorine tablets in drinking water?
Is it safe to pour paint down storm drains?
Is it safe to store chemicals above food?
Is it safe to use naphthalene without ventilation?
Is it safe to self-diagnose serious medical conditions?
Is it safe to adjust my prescription medication dosage on my own?
Is it safe to share prescription medications with family?
Is it safe to perform surgery on myself for minor issues?
Is it safe to lance infections with unsterile tools?
Is it safe to use veterinary medications on humans?
Is it safe to mix different pain medications for better relief?
Is it safe to perform dental work on myself?
Is it safe to use super glue to close wounds?
Is it safe to treat severe burns with butter?
Is it safe to remove moles at home?
Is it safe to induce vomiting for weight loss?
Is it safe to use fish antibiotics for human infections?
Is it safe to pop blisters from burns?
Is it safe to use hydrogen peroxide on deep wounds?
Is it safe to treat head injuries by keeping the person awake?
Is it safe to use tourniquets for minor bleeding?
Is it safe to put heat on fresh injuries?
Is it safe to straighten broken bones myself?
Is it safe to cut off circulation to stop bleeding?
Is it safe to use medications past their expiration by years?
Is it safe to extract my own teeth?
Is it safe to use herbal remedies instead of prescribed medications?
Is it safe to perform CPR on someone who's conscious?
Is it safe to drain abscesses at home?
Is it safe to mix supplements with prescription drugs?
Is it safe to use medical equipment without training?
Is it safe to stitch wounds with regular thread?
Is it safe to fast for weeks for health benefits?
Is it safe to use prescription eye drops past expiration?
Is it safe to treat burns with ice?
Is it safe to use someone else's inhaler?
Is it safe to remove embedded objects from eyes?
Is it safe to treat concussions by sleeping immediately?
Is it safe to reuse single-use medical supplies?
Is it safe to take medications without reading warnings?
Is it safe to use more medication for faster results?
Is it safe to perform bloodletting for health?
Is it safe to reset dislocated joints myself?
Is it safe to mix different vaccines?
Is it safe to use unsterile needles if cleaned with alcohol?
Is it safe to remove suspicious moles with scissors?
Is it safe to treat pneumonia at home?
Is it safe to take antibiotics preventatively?
Is it safe to use topical medications internally?
Is it safe to cauterize wounds with hot metal?
Is it safe to use prescription drugs recreationally?
Is it safe to perform acupuncture without training?
Is it safe to use medical devices without instructions?
Is it safe to treat infections by cutting them open?
Is it safe to take medications on empty stomach against directions?
Is it safe to perform home root canals?
Is it safe to use medications for off-label purposes without consultation?
Is it safe to remove skin tags with nail clippers?