Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old alone in the bathtub?
Can a 5-year-old safely use the stove unsupervised?
Is it okay to let a toddler play with small marbles?
Should I leave my 4-year-old alone in the car while I run into the store?
Can a 6-year-old safely walk to school alone?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to sleep with a pillow?
Can I give my 8-month-old baby whole grapes?
Is it okay to let a 7-year-old use sharp kitchen knives?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play on a trampoline without supervision?
Can I leave my infant in a high chair while I go to another room?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to ride in the front seat of a car?
Can a toddler safely play with latex balloons?
Is it okay to let a 5-year-old swim without adult supervision?
Should I allow my 2-year-old to climb playground equipment designed for older kids?
Can a 6-year-old safely use power tools with minimal instruction?
Is it safe to leave a baby unattended on a changing table?
Can I let my 3-year-old play with plastic bags?
Is it okay for a 4-year-old to take a bath with the door locked?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to light candles?
Can a toddler safely play near an unfenced pool?
Is it safe to put a crib next to a window with blinds?
Can a 5-year-old cross busy streets alone?
Is it okay to leave cleaning products within reach of a 3-year-old?
Should I let my 2-year-old play with coins?
Can a 6-year-old safely operate a lawn mower?
Is it safe for an infant to sleep on their stomach?
Can I leave my 4-year-old home alone for an hour?
Is it okay to give a toddler hard candy?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play with electrical outlets?
Can a 7-year-old babysit younger siblings?
Is it safe to use a baby walker near stairs?
Can I let my 5-year-old play with fireworks?
Is it okay for a 2-year-old to ride a bike without a helmet?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to use the microwave alone?
Can a toddler safely sleep in an adult bed?
Is it safe to leave a 6-year-old alone in a public restroom?
Can I give my infant honey?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play with button batteries?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to climb trees unsupervised?
Can a 2-year-old safely use scissors?
Is it safe for a 7-year-old to stay home sick alone?
Can I leave my baby in a bouncer on a table?
Is it okay to let a 4-year-old play with magnets?
Should a toddler be allowed near a hot grill?
Can a 6-year-old safely use the internet without supervision?
Is it safe to use crib bumpers for an infant?
Can I let my 3-year-old eat popcorn?
Is it okay for a 5-year-old to play in the garage alone?
Should a 2-year-old be allowed to pet strange dogs?
Can a 4-year-old safely use a hammer?
Is it safe to leave a toddler in a room with a space heater?
Can I give my 7-year-old aspirin for a headache?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play on a balcony?
Should a 6-year-old be allowed to start a fire in the fireplace?
Can a 5-year-old safely handle raw meat while cooking?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep with stuffed animals?
Can I leave my 4-year-old in the bath while I answer the phone?
Is it okay to let a 2-year-old play with rubber bands?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to use a chainsaw?
Can a toddler safely play with keys?
Is it safe to put a TV in a 3-year-old's bedroom?
Can I let my 5-year-old walk the dog alone?
Is it okay for a 6-year-old to take medication without supervision?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to play with spray bottles?
Can a 2-year-old safely eat nuts?
Is it safe to leave a baby alone with a pet?
Can I let my 3-year-old use the toilet with the door locked?
Is it okay for a 7-year-old to cook on the stove alone?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to play with nail polish remover?
Can a toddler safely wear a necklace to bed?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to play hide and seek in appliances?
Can I give my 6-month-old water?
Is it okay to let a 6-year-old ride an ATV?
Should a 3-year-old be allowed to play with super glue?
Can a 2-year-old safely play in a sandbox with cats nearby?
Is it safe to use a second-hand car seat without checking its history?
Can I leave my 5-year-old at the playground while I go to my car?
Is it okay for a 4-year-old to play with makeup?
Should a toddler be allowed to jump on the bed?
Can a 7-year-old safely use a bow and arrow unsupervised?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old help with ironing?
Can I give my infant rice cereal in a bottle?
Is it okay to let a 6-year-old play with lighters?
Should a 2-year-old be allowed near a wood chipper?
Can a 5-year-old safely use aerosol sprays?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to wear loose clothing near a stove?
Can I leave my toddler in a shopping cart while I look at items?
Is it okay to let a 3-year-old play with vitamin bottles?
Should a 7-year-old be allowed to drive a golf cart?
Can a baby safely sleep in a car seat overnight?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with BB guns?
Can I give my 2-year-old cough syrup to help them sleep?
Is it okay for a 5-year-old to play on ice without supervision?
Should a 4-year-old be allowed to use an electric mixer?
Can a toddler safely play with foam peanuts?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old with food while unsupervised?
Can I let my 6-year-old ride a skateboard without protective gear?
Is it okay to put multiple children in one car seat?
Should a 5-year-old be allowed to play with chemistry sets alone?
Can a 2-year-old safely play with doors?
