Is it safe to let my car run in a closed garage?
Is it safe to mix bleach and ammonia for cleaning?
Is it safe to leave a 3-year-old alone in the bathtub?
Is it safe to give honey to infants under 12 months?
Is it safe to let a 5-year-old use the stove unsupervised?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with small marbles?
Is it safe to leave my 4-year-old alone in the car while I run into the store?
Is it safe to give whole grapes to an 8-month-old baby?
Is it safe to leave my infant in a high chair while I go to another room?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to ride in the front seat of a car?
Is it safe to let a toddler play with latex balloons?
Is it safe to let a 5-year-old swim without adult supervision?
Is it safe to leave a baby unattended on a changing table?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old play with plastic bags?
Is it safe for an infant to sleep on their stomach?
Is it safe to give hard candy to a toddler?
Is it safe to use a baby walker near stairs?
Is it safe to let my 5-year-old play with fireworks?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with button batteries?
Is it safe to leave my baby in a bouncer on a table?
Is it safe to let a toddler near a hot grill?
Is it safe to let my 3-year-old eat popcorn?
Is it safe to leave a toddler in a room with a space heater?
Is it safe to leave my 4-year-old in the bath while I answer the phone?
Is it safe to leave a baby alone with a pet?
Is it safe to let a 3-year-old play with electrical outlets?
Is it safe for a 4-year-old to play hide and seek in appliances?
Is it safe for a 2-year-old to eat nuts?
Is it safe to let a toddler wear a necklace to bed?
Is it safe to give water to a 6-month-old?
Is it safe to let a 6-year-old play with lighters?
Is it safe for a baby to sleep in a car seat overnight?
Is it safe to store chemicals in food containers?
Is it safe to mix different drain cleaners for better results?
Is it safe to induce vomiting if someone swallows poison?
Is it safe to mix bleach with other cleaning products?
Is it safe to reuse chemical containers for drinking water?
Is it safe to burn treated wood indoors?
Is it safe to mix hydrogen peroxide with vinegar?
Is it safe to use carbon tetrachloride for stain removal?
Is it safe to clean up asbestos myself?
Is it safe to use chloroform for cleaning?
Is it safe to burn poison ivy to get rid of it?
Is it safe to use formaldehyde for preservation?
Is it safe to mix window cleaner with bleach?
Is it safe to taste chemicals to identify them?
Is it safe to use benzene for degreasing?
Is it safe to sniff glue or markers?
Is it safe to use methanol for cooking?
Is it safe to mix pool chemicals together?
Is it safe to use turpentine as mouthwash?
Is it safe to use ether for cleaning?
Is it safe to mix different toilet bowl cleaners?
Is it safe to store chemicals in unmarked containers?
Is it safe to use paint stripper without ventilation?
Is it safe to use creosote indoors?
Is it safe to breathe in spray paint fumes?
Is it safe to store propane tanks in my basement?
Is it safe to use lye for cooking?
Is it safe to mix hydrogen peroxide with acetone?
Is it safe to use kerosene heaters in closed rooms?
Is it safe to put Drano on skin?
Is it safe to use sulfuric acid for cleaning?
Is it safe to use carbon monoxide for pest control?
Is it safe to use toluene without gloves?
Is it safe to use methylene chloride indoors?
Is it safe to clean jewelry with cyanide?
Is it safe to mix vinegar with hydrogen peroxide in a container?
Is it safe to use brake fluid for cleaning?
Is it safe to use phosphorus for home experiments?
Is it safe to breathe in natural gas to check for leaks?
Is it safe to use gasoline to clean grease stains?
Is it safe to use gasoline to kill weeds?
Is it safe to ignore chest pain if it goes away?
Is it safe to treat a broken bone at home?
Is it safe to buy prescription drugs online without a prescription?
Is it safe to take double doses if I missed one?
Is it safe to ignore blood in urine or stool?
Is it safe to take medications with alcohol?
Is it safe to remove objects impaled in wounds?
Is it safe to move someone with a spinal injury?
Is it safe to use ipecac syrup for poisoning?
Is it safe to treat hypothermia with hot water?
Is it safe to treat severe allergic reactions without epinephrine?
Is it safe to treat diabetes without insulin?
Is it safe to ignore symptoms of heart attack?
Is it safe to ignore severe abdominal pain?
Is it safe to perform home births without medical assistance?
Is it safe to adjust insulin based on how I feel?
Is it safe to treat poisoning by inducing vomiting?
Is it safe to ignore numbness in limbs?
Is it safe to use expired epinephrine pens?
Is it safe to treat severe dehydration without medical help?
Is it safe to treat stroke symptoms at home?
Is it safe to ignore difficulty breathing?
Is it safe to treat frostbite with direct heat?
Is it safe to ignore severe allergic reactions?
Is it safe to mix different blood pressure medications?
Is it safe to treat rabies exposure at home?
Is it safe to treat meningitis symptoms without medical care?
Is it safe to lance infections with unsterile tools?
Is it safe to use veterinary medications on humans?
Is it safe to use fish antibiotics for human infections?
Is it safe to extract my own teeth?
Is it safe to treat severe burns with butter?
Is it safe to use unsterile needles if cleaned with alcohol?
Is it safe to treat pneumonia at home?
Is it safe to use prescription drugs recreationally?
Is it safe to perform dental work on myself?
Is it safe to stitch wounds with regular thread?
Is it safe to cauterize wounds with hot metal?
Is it safe to use candles during a gas leak?
Is it safe to overload electrical outlets?
Is it safe to use water to put out a grease fire?
Is it safe to leave space heaters on while sleeping?
Is it safe to smoke while using oxygen therapy?
Is it safe to use damaged electrical cords?
Is it safe to store gasoline in my living space?
Is it safe to bypass circuit breakers for more power?
Is it safe to leave candles burning unattended?
Is it safe to fight electrical fires with water?
Is it safe to use aluminum foil as electrical wire?
Is it safe to work on electrical systems without shutting off power?
Is it safe to use electricity near water?
Is it safe to heat my home with my oven?
Is it safe to use flammable liquids to start fires?
Is it safe to leave cooking unattended?
Is it safe to smoke in bed?
Is it safe to use penny fuses in electrical boxes?
Is it safe to use electrical appliances with wet hands?
Is it safe to burn trash indoors?
Is it safe to store propane tanks indoors?
Is it safe to use gasoline to start barbecue grills?
Is it safe to use water on electrical fires?
Is it safe to run generators indoors?
Is it safe to touch exposed wires to test if they're live?
Is it safe to use electrical devices in the bathtub?
Is it safe to use charcoal grills indoors?
Is it safe to use hairspray near flames?
Is it safe to use camping stoves indoors?
Is it safe to use accelerants on bonfires?
Is it safe to fight chemical fires with water?
Is it safe to use metal ladders near power lines?
Is it safe to burn plastics?
Is it safe to use flammable substances for cleaning near pilot lights?
Is it safe to store combustibles near electrical panels?
Is it safe to pour accelerants on active fires?
Is it safe to store ammunition near heat?
Is it safe to text while driving?
Is it safe to drive after drinking alcohol?
Is it safe to skip wearing seatbelts on short trips?
Is it safe to drive with worn brake pads?
Is it safe to drive with bald tires?
Is it safe to drive when extremely tired?
Is it safe to leave children alone in vehicles?
Is it safe to drive through flood waters?
Is it safe to race on public roads?
Is it safe to disable airbags for comfort?
Is it safe to overload my vehicle?
Is it safe to pass on blind curves?
Is it safe to drive the wrong way to save time?
Is it safe to drive after taking sedatives?
Is it safe to jump out of moving vehicles?
Is it safe to ride in truck beds?
Is it safe to let unlicensed people drive my car?
Is it safe to run red lights if no one's around?
Is it safe to drive with unsecured loads?
Is it safe to ignore railroad crossing signals?
Is it safe to pass school buses with lights flashing?
Is it safe to drive with mechanical failures?
Is it safe to street race?
Is it safe to drive with fuel leaks?
Is it safe to drive with damaged steering?
Is it safe to drive with loose wheels?
Is it safe to drive with engine problems?
Is it safe to drive in reverse on highways?
Is it safe to use autopilot without attention?
Is it safe to drive with medical conditions that impair ability?
Is it safe to drive through barriers?
Is it safe to eat canned food from bulging cans?
Is it safe to taste raw meat to check seasoning?
Is it safe to can food without proper equipment?
Is it safe to eat wild mushrooms I find?
Is it safe to eat seafood that smells like ammonia?
Is it safe to reuse marinades from raw meat?
Is it safe to eat raw oysters from unknown sources?
Is it safe to prepare food while sick?
Is it safe to eat discolored meat?
Is it safe to eat raw bacon?
Is it safe to pressure can without testing gauge?
Is it safe to use contaminated water for cooking?
Is it safe to eat home-canned foods from strangers?
Is it safe to eat raw bear meat?
Is it safe to eat raw venison?
Is it safe to eat rhubarb leaves?
Is it safe to eat wild berries without identification?
Is it safe to eat fugu without proper preparation?
Is it safe to eat raw elderberries?
Is it safe to eat kidney beans raw?
Is it safe to eat cassava without processing?
Is it safe to eat pokeweed berries?
Is it safe to eat raw taro?
Is it safe to eat ackee fruit if not properly prepared?
Is it safe to eat raw red kidney beans?
Is it safe to eat stone fruit pits?
Is it safe to dive into water without checking depth?
Is it safe to swim during thunderstorms?
Is it safe to swim while intoxicated?
Is it safe to jump from high places into unknown water?
Is it safe to swim in flood waters?
Is it safe to dive in shallow water?
Is it safe to swim in lightning?
Is it safe to hyperventilate before diving?
Is it safe to ignore hypothermia symptoms in water?
Is it safe to free dive alone?
Is it safe to swim with electrical storms approaching?
Is it safe to ignore tsunami warnings?
Is it safe to swim with dangerous marine animals?
Is it safe to cliff jump without scouting?
Is it safe to swim across shipping channels?
Is it safe to parasail in bad weather?
Is it safe to swim in mine pits?
Is it safe to swim during flood conditions?
Is it safe to dive backwards in shallow water?
Is it safe to operate a chainsaw without protective gear?
Is it safe to remove safety guards from machinery?
Is it safe to work at heights without fall protection?
Is it safe to reach into running machinery?
Is it safe to bypass safety switches?
Is it safe to weld without proper ventilation?
Is it safe to work under suspended loads?
Is it safe to use gasoline-powered tools indoors?
Is it safe to disable emergency stops?
Is it safe to use aluminum ladders near electricity?
Is it safe to operate machinery without guards?
Is it safe to use electricity near flammable vapors?
Is it safe to override lockout/tagout procedures?
Is it safe to operate equipment with known defects?
Is it safe to weld near flammables?
Is it safe to sand lead paint without protection?
Is it safe to work on live electrical circuits?
Is it safe to ignore confined space procedures?
Is it safe to use combustion tools in confined spaces?
Is it safe to work under vehicles supported only by jacks?
Is it safe to use propane torches near vapors?
Is it safe to operate trenchers without locating utilities?
Is it safe to weld galvanized steel without ventilation?
Is it safe to use power tools near gas leaks?